fix: `PollAnswer.to_dict` sets id as a tuple instead of int (#3260)
Pycord-Development/pycord: CHANGELOG.md

  ([#3231](https://github.com/Pycord-Development/pycord/pull/3231))
- Allow `ForumTag` to be created without an emoji.
  ([#3245](https://github.com/Pycord-Development/pycord/pull/3245))

> - Fix `PollAnswer.to_dict` incorrectly setting `answer_id` as a tuple instead of an int.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix `PollAnswer.to_dict()` incorrectly setting `answer_id` attribute as a tuple instead of an integer.
```
